(bright music)
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ This is the happy house ♪
♪ We're happy here in the happy house ♪
♪ Oh, it's such fun ♪
♪ Fun ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ We've come to play ♪
♪ In the happy house ♪
♪ And waste a day ♪
♪ It never rains, never rains ♪
♪ We've come to scream ♪
♪ In the happy house ♪
♪ We're in a dream ♪
♪ We're all quite sane ♪
♪ Ane, ane ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ This is the happy house ♪
♪ We're happy here ♪
♪ Oh ♪
(funky music)
♪ There's room for you if you say I do ♪
♪ But don't say no or you'll have to go ♪
♪ We've done no wrong
with our blinkers on ♪
♪ It's safe and calm if you sing along ♪
♪ Sing along, sing along ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ This is the happy house ♪
♪ We're happy here ♪
♪ In the happy house ♪
♪ To forget ourselves
and pretend all's well ♪
♪ There is no hell ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ I'm looking through your window ♪
♪ Hmm, hmm ♪
(funky rock music)